#summary Version History for Bagnon

= Bagnon Version History =

1.5.0
  * Redesigned the options menu.

1.4.9
  * Fixed some errors causing Bagnon_Forever to not load properly
  * Updated the esES translation (thanks Ferroginus)
  * Minor tweaks

1.4.8
  * Removed the errant tooltips.lua from the Bagnon toc
  * Removed a source of taint from the CloseAllBags hook
  * Fixed a bug causing the bank frame to not properly close when closing it manually
  * Updated the zhTW translation (thanks matini)

1.4.7
  * Added more nil checks to Bagnon Tooltips

1.4.6
  * Updated for 2.3
  * Altered file structures.  Delete all folders before installing.
  * Fixed a bug allowing your items to be picked up when viewing cached data
  * Fixed a bug causing the bank frame to not be able to be viewed
  * Split off ownership tooltips into the addon Bagnon Tooltips.

1.4.5
  * Fixed a bug when creating a new frame with default settings

1.4.4 (Beta)
  * Bagnon_Forever has been changed to be load on demand, with Bagnon listing it as an optional dependency.
  * Rewrote a good portion of the code.
  * Fixed a bug causing cooldowns to not properly update.
  * Fixed some layering issues.
Gave empty bag slots a texture
  * Purchasable bag slots are now colored red
  * Clicking on a purchasable bag will now bring up the purchase dialog
  * Removed the old purchase frame
  * Allowed partial matching in spot searches
  * Added zhTW localization (thanks to matini)

1.4.3
  * Fixed an issue causing all item data to not be saved for some items in Bagnon_Forever

1.4.2
  * Fixed an issue with using equip compare on cached item slots introduced by 1.4.1

1.4.1
  * Fixed an error when clicking trade skill item links
  * Fixed a bug where linking a cached item would sometimes produce double links

1.4.0
  * Updated for 2.2.  This version *will not* work with 2.1
  * Reduced CPU usage significantly when showing the bank/bags
  * Recoded Bagnon Forever to get a bit better compression.  Bag data has been reset

1.3b
  * Fixed a bug causing the main options menu to not work

1.3
  * Updated for 2.1

1.2
  * Rewrote the code for hooking the bag slots, and automatic display

1.1
  * Clicking on the keyring button will now properly show the inventory window
  * Added a check to disable vBagnon if Bagnon is running

1.0
  * Initial release

 
 
 