#summary Bongos2 for Dummies
#labels Featured


= So what the heck is Bongos? =


Bongos is a main action bar replacement.  The main action bar, as you know, is that thing at the bottom of the screen that acts as your main interface for accessing your inventory, opening a few panels, making your pet do things, and of course using spells and ability.

What Bongos does is it takes that interface, splits it up into a series of customizable "bars" (a bar for your bags, one for your pet, an experience bar, etc), and adds a few more features, like more action buttons and a better bindings system.

Bongos has been designed for three audiences: Myself, my friends, and the majority.  The result has been an action bar addon that is relatively easy to use and quick to setup, but also one that does not offer every feature under the sun.


= Great, now how do I use it? =

There are a few things you should know about when using Bongos:
  * How to configure general settings (the main options window)
  * How to lock and unlock bars
  * How to configure per bar settings
  * How to bind action buttons using KeyBound

Read on to learn how to do all of that :)


== How do I lock bars and get to the options menu? (The Minimap Button) ==

The minimap button (it'll be the button with the bongos icon on your minimap) provides you quick access to two commonly used functions:  Showing the main options window and locking and unlocking bar positions.

To toggle locking bar positions:  *left click* the minimap button
To toggle the options window:  *right click* the minimap button

*This minimap button is ugly looking!*
There's a check button on the general panel of the main options window to turn it off.



== How do I configure general settings? (The Options Menu) ==

The main options window is where you can configure *general* settings:  You'll find things like saving and loading profiles, hiding and showing hotkeys, locking and unlocking bar positions, a color picker for out of range coloring, etc.

There's two ways to get to it:  You can either use the slash command /bongos, or you can click the minimap button.



== How do I move stuff around? (Locking and Unlocking Bars) ==

When you first load Bongos, you'll probably notice that every bar is covered in a transparent black frame.  This is because your bars are unlocked.  When bars are unlocked, you can do the following:
  * Move a bar around (click and drag)
  * Scale the bar (click and drag the bottom right corner)
  * Configure the bar (right click)
  * Hide the bar (middle or shift + rightclick)

*I'm done moving stuff around, how can I lock bar positions?*
To lock bar positions you can either type /bongos lock, left click the minimap button, or check the "Lock Bar Positions" button on the general panel of the options menu.

*Wait, I need to move something around again!*
To unlock bar positions you can either type /bongos lock (yes, its a toggle), left click the minimap button, or uncheck the "Lock Bar Positions" in the general panel of the main options menu.


== How do I make that bar vertical? (Configuring Individual Bars) ==

As mentioned earlier, when you have bars unlocked, you can configure a bar simply by right clicking it.  A menu will pop up giving you access to settings specific to that bar, like number of buttons, scale, opacity, and spacing. *Every Bongos bar has a right click menu.*  I'd encourage you to check them all out.


== My Keybindings Don't Work! (Binding Keys) ==

Bongos offers an in intuitive interface for key bindings, based off the system used in Trinity Bars.  *You need to bind your action buttons using Bongos for them to work properly*  Your old key bindings are still most likely referencing the blizzard bars, which won't work when switching stances/forms/into stealth.

To enter keybinding mode, go to the bindings panel in the main options window.  From there, simply hover over any action or pet button and press a button to bind a key to that action.  Pressing escape will clear the binding.

To exit keybinding mode, simply leave the bindings panel or close the options window.

*Binding my keys screwed up my other character's key bindings, I hate you!*
Did notice the "Enable Per Character Bindings" option on the bindings panel?  You're going to want to check that :)


= So, is that all I need to know? =

If you've read over the previous section, you'll know all you need to know to configure bsaic things in Bongos.  For more advanced stuff (profiles, paging, and slash commands), check out BongosAdvanced