#summary Enhancing Dominos with other addons
#labels Dominos
#sidebar TullamodsSideBar

==== Changing the Look of Action Buttons ====

You can change the looks of the action buttons in Dominos using an addon called [http://www.wowace.com/projects/buttonfacade/pages/main/ Button Facade].  A wide variety of [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/search.php?search=button+facade&title&author&page=1&so=asc&sb=title styles] are available for the addon.

[http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info12024-rActionButtonStyler.html rActionButtonStyler] is a nice alternative to Button Facade.


==== Out of Range Coloring ====

Ever want the entire button to become red when the skill associated it is out of range?  Look no further than [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info4166-RedRange.html RedRange].  [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info13334-RangeColors.html#info RangeColors] has been suggested as a nice alternative.

Recently, I wrote [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info15636-tullaRange.html tullaRange], which is intended to perform the same functions as the above addons, but with a focus on minimizing CPU usage.


==== Cooldown Count ====

My own addon, [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info4836-OmniCC.html OmniCC], will display text on your action buttons display exactly when the ability will be ready to use.  [http://www.wowace.com/projects/cooldown-count/ Cooldown Count] is a well known alternative.


==== Buff and Debuff Highlighting ====

[http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/inline-aura.aspx Inline Aura]   What this addon does is add a green border around buttons that contain buffs that you currently have on yourself, or a friendly target.  It also displays a purple border around debuffs you've cast on an enemy target.  In addition, it can display aura durations, like cooldown count type addons do for timers.

[http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?id=12566 Proc Borders] allows you to highlight an action whenever you have a certain buff up.  Its great if you want, for example, to have Shadow Bolt to be highlighted when Shadow Trance is up.

==== Bindings ====
 
[http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info15078-SnowfallKeyPress.html SnowFall KeyPress] and [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info15212-SpeedyActions.html Speedy Actions] allow you to execute actions when you press a key, instead of on release. 