#labels OmniCC
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

== General ==

OmniCC is an addon that adds text to items/spells/abilities that are on cooldown to indicate when they'll be ready for use. OmniCC should be compatible with any addon that uses a cooldown model.

A configuration GUI is included, and can be shown via /omnicc or /occ

-----
==FAQ==

===OmniCC is displaying text on _Addon_ and I don't want it to.  How do I make OmniCC not show up?===

OmniCC has three different settings that control whether or not text shows up on a given bar or not.  The first setting is *Minimum Duration*.  This is the duration, in seconds, that a cooldown must be for OmniCC to display text or not.  

The second setting is *Minimum Scale*.  This setting controls how big an object must be for OmniCC to display text or not.  The larger the value, the bigger an object must be.  The setting is normalized at 100 meaning "about the size of an action button in the stock interface"

The third setting is an internal one:  `CooldownModel.noCooldownCount`.  If set to true, then OmniCC will not display text.  If the addon you're running uses its own method for displaying text on objects with cooldown, then I encourage you to bug the other to implement the noCooldownCount flag.

===OmniCC isn't displaying text on _Addon_ and I want it to.  How do I make OmniCC show up?===
See above, but in reverse :)

===OmniCC is still showing up after I've adjusted the settings you've mentioned!===
This means that the addon you're using has implemented its own method for displaying cooldown text.  Refer to the usage guide of the addon to determine how to turn it off.

===Why don't you implement a blacklist instead of using all of these crazy algorithms?===
Bloat, basically.  If I were to implement a blacklist, and handle nameless frames properly, I would have to introduce addon specific code.  But introducing addon specific code, however, is completely against the design of OmniCC in the first place :)