#summary Stuff I want to do
#labels Featured

Bagnon:
  * Write a 2.0 version
  * Make the item button and utility libraries generic enough that they can be used for Combuctor and Bagnon (bagnon_core)
  * Separate addons for bags, bank, and keys.  If a given module is enabled, completely replace the blizzard version.
  * Show token information in the money tooltip for whatever currency we've opted to track
  * Clean up conditional display event code
  * Clean up spot code.  Add ability to search by quality.
  * Bag type checks should now use the new bitflag tech
  * Write up wiki

Bagnon_Forever:
  * Store token information

Combuctor:
  * Switch to using bag sounds instead of merchant frame sounds
  * Implement better set API
  * Add in event-> tab event system (ex, show bank frame, normal tab when showing the bank, keyring when I click the keyring, trade bags...)
  * Add in a few configuration options (scale, etc)

[Dominos]:
  * Revise wiki, add FAQ
  * Make a possess bar.  By a possess bar, I mean a bar that hijacks either the pet or action bar buttons (including stealing hotkeys while its up) when controlling a vehicle/possessing a dude.
  * Make Dominos have a saner layout when switching between 1-120 bars.  This includes adding a slider for numbars/numbuttons
  * Clean up the auto fading and showstate interfaces.  
  * Implement per spec action button layouts with 3.1.0/dual specs

Ludwig:
  * Modernize codebase
  * Add in spell and talent link support

OmniCC:
  * Add a minimum duration option for end effects
  * Transform shine/flash into a plugin architecture
  * Write a brief wiki

Sage:
  * Separate frame folders (core, party, target_target, focus_target, party_targets)
  * Write wiki on completion of the thing
  * Add "always show these buffs" and "always show these debuffs" lists

SellFish:
  * Update whenever there's an libitemprice update
  * Write an armory scraper if libitemprice updates stop again (a good reason to learn another language)

Tipachu:
  * Fix if it breaks

-----
Crazy Town - These are ideas I have that may either be entirely new things, impossible, or some combination of both:
  * Build a unit frame designer & runner pair of addons.  Suck at making unitframes? Just download ones someone else has used the designer to make.
  * Create an action bar addon based on a modal layout system.  Instead of telling Dominos: "switch to this bar when in form x" you instead specify a state ([form1]), then draw your bars, and attach spells.  Basically, in this system, you have a completely different UI based on what state you're in.  Blizzard implemented such a system with the vehicle and non vehicle UIs.